Hey, Claude on Dan server. It's Dan. Let's go through Canopies together So I think this part is fine. It's a family. I say continue. I'm good to go Yep work Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday. I Want to add it good? I Have it name would just say vibe coding Let's go Then it takes me immediately to my goals. It's funny when I did this the first time it it actually didn't There was a there was feedback I had but I didn't get it again. Let me try How does this happen? Okay, I want to spend regular time on something Towards a specific outcome. Was it any no those are all the same. Okay. Give it a name family continue Name work When did you say Wednesday Thursday Friday? At it I don't know what the feedback was so this is all fine. We'll just say vibe coding again And I'll say weekdays. Let's go so it goes to the goals page to me. I don't know about this goals page I feel like These two slashes there means you would drag them around and maybe that's what it does on we had some more habits build habit cleaning About habit clean. Oh sessions per week seven with priority. Oh Well, okay, so first of all this UI comes up Like this. Let's see what it's like. It's taller. Yeah, this this just isn't this UI isn't gonna work Because you got a scroll like this. So that's not good. So we should rethink the UI on this on this thing That I'm showing right now But say priority low normal high And then I guess you can switch the priority like this if I drag and drop No, it looks like there's no drag and drop. So What this page is supposed to be it's not clear if it's a prioritization, which I think is fine Which is good. It should make it clear that it's a prioritization Page And then I click each one and I can set the priority. Let's do high say Yeah, cuz Making it high made it purple. I guess what about making it low say no, it doesn't so the colors are changing It's not making a ton of sense to me about that So in general, I think this page isn't doing what it's supposed to do which is like You know, tell me what my goals are and how focused I am on there and the priorities, whatever But I also don't necessarily know that should be the landing page. I feel like home should be the landing page You know what I mean? So that's that Now I press start my day now I click this There's no hover over effects This yellow is really hard to read so that yellow should be less hard to read but No matter what I click it gives me this one a lighter day thing and in addition I Can't I Can't tell if it's on or off this button is not clear to me. It doesn't look like if it's on or off to me So personally I would put the one or lighter lighter day After if you click, you know, like sat one of the Saturdays And you say let's go then it asks you do you want to push forward or do you want a lighter day? You say, let's go. Anyways, I'll do that So I'm gonna keep it at like 21 shrunk chunks Starting with vibe coding So vibe coding and then it takes me home, right? It tells me up next this home page after this is started To me, I don't know why this shouldn't look like the schedule. I just clicked to it The schedule is is the thing I care about at this point. I think and And the time itself and when I look at this I see I see 5x a week instead of the time that I'm supposed to be doing it I want to know the current time What I'm doing when it ends how long blah blah blah what's What like instead of up next what am I doing right now? What's the next thing what time is it what time am I done, right? Like this this thing does not tell me what I'm supposed to be doing and then over here like There should be like something I'm done or skip or something right? That's that's home So for the schedule itself and I don't know that the home schedule are separate pages necessarily maybe they are but I don't know That's that's worth a debate, but With these there's a mark complete button and a skip But there's a little circle next to it. So that's like a really unclear UI for a human And so yeah, so I think the basics just aren't Here yet, so I think we need to we need to we need to address all these things Pretty decisively pretty heads on so I think I think we still need quite a bit of rework on just the basics of the UI So that's my feedback Thank You co-op